[ Music ]
>> Mike Adams: Welcome
to Secrets
to Health with Mike and Ed.
I'm Mike Adams of Natural News.
>> Dr. Edward Group:
And I'm Ed Group
with Global Healing Center.
>> Mike: And today's topic is
toxins lurking in your home.
Ed, tell us about these toxins
that are lurking
in people's homes.
>> Dr. Group: You know, Mike,
I didn't really pay too
much attention to that,
but after seeing a
massive amounts of patients
in my practice, I realize that
I needed to go to their homes
and check it out because
these individuals,
what they're exposing themselves
to on a daily basis gives me
all the information I need
as a physician to
determine what they need
to do to change their life.
Since I know that toxins coming
into the body are the main cause
of disease, finally I
started going to their homes
and evaluating things.
And Mike, it's unbelievable
how many toxins are lurking
in people's homes and why no
doctors are addressing this.
I mean, really if
you're a physician
and you're evaluating your
patient, you should be going
to those homes of your
patient and looking
to see what they're exposing
themselves to on a daily basis.
>> Mike: I totally
agree with you, Ed,
because today most people
are actually living indoors,
not outdoors.
So they're breathing more indoor
air in terms of total hours
of respiration than outdoor
air, and isn't it true, Ed,
that indoor air is far more
contaminated than outdoor air
in terms of total
chemical level?
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely.
Absolutely.
I have a little statistic here
I'd like to read for everybody
and this is just-- was
shocking because I have kids
and this was playing
and crawling
on a typical floor exposes
babies to contaminants
such as mold, mildew
and dust mites.
One day of exposure introduces
the equivalent of 4 cigarettes
into an infant's lungs.
Can you believe that?
>> Mike: Wow.
That is a pretty
shocking image, actually,
but it's also quite true.
But here today we have
brought some examples
to show people some products
that might typically
off-gas chemicals,
not just like pet dander and
mold and things like that.
It's also products that
you bring into your home.
For example, we have a
lubricant here, WD-40,
we've got dryer sheets,
there's laundry detergent,
all kinds of things.
We're going to discuss those
and then also we're going
to give you solutions.
So we've got some really
great natural products
that are natural replacements
for the toxic products
so that you can actually
have, you know,
you can do the cleaning you need
for your laundry in your home
without putting poisons
into your home air.
>> Dr. Group: Exactly.
I mean when we were in houses,
we would go room to room
and actually determine what
rooms are the most dangerous
and what people are exposed to.
I mean, in the kitchen, you
know, you have Teflon pans
that can out-gas with cooking.
You have other types
of chemical cleaners
in the kitchen that
can be toxic.
You might have carpeting
in the kitchen,
in the living room that's toxic.
You know, now what happens
is they spray all these fire
retardants and all
these chemicals.
Anywhere from 50 to 250 types
of toxic carcinogenic
chemicals can be sprayed
on couches, carpets, drapes.
And all of these things
end up out-gassing
and putting these things into
the air and then we breathe them
because you have very little
circulation in a home too, Mike.
>> Mike: This is made
even worse by the fact
that today's homes are
trying to be more green
and the way they achieve
this green rating is
to become completely air-tight.
So they're not losing any air
and they're just recirculating
the same air over and over again
and they're calling that
green because it doesn't take
as much energy to cool
the home or heat the home.
But in fact, these so-called
green ratings can actually make
your home air more toxic than an
older style home that's getting
more fresh air blowing
through it.
So that's a contradiction
that a lot
of people need to
be aware of, Ed.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah.
Also a lot of people spray
their home with pesticides
and insecticides for
bugs and all that,
and that's another hidden
ingredient in the home.
>> Mike: They bomb their homes.
They bomb their homes.
>> Dr. Group: I know.
>> Mike: Like a insecticide
bomb.
I remember when I
was growing up--
>> Dr. Group: Right.
>> Mike: A couple of times
I had relatives that, like,
we're going to set
off a bomb in here--
>> Dr. Group: And
you have to leave.
They put a big thing over your
whole house and then they just,
you know, I don't even know what
chemicals they use on there.
But talking about bombs,
I mean, people ask me,
what is the main thing
in the house that's going
to be the most damaging to me
and I tell them it's
the air quality
because people take
30,000 breaths a day
and you need oxygen.
And when you have a bunch
of chemicals in the house
that you're breathing
in, you know,
walk into any normal bathroom
and most women, the perfume,
the deodorant that's sprayed
in the bathrooms, I mean,
the toxic shampoo, the toxic
condition, the toxic make up.
I mean, inside homes
is literally
in most homes a chemical
warehouse and people,
the first thing I tell them
is clean their air quality
in their house.
>> Mike: Yeah, and you mentioned
these bathroom style chemicals.
You're absolutely right.
I think the average American,
before they even leave
their house that morning,
they expose themselves to over
300 different synthetic toxic
chemicals from the
things you just mentioned,
the anti-bacterial soap,
the shampoo, the deodorants,
the cosmetics, the
make-up, the hair spray,
all of these personal
care products.
You really have to
be extremely careful
about what you're buying.
And by the way, under federal
law these companies are not
required to list the
actual chemical ingredients
that are in their products.
Many of them do voluntarily,
but there are not laws
that require them to do so.
So they could actually hide
chemicals, not tell you what's
in it even though you're
putting it on your body.
That's pretty shocking.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah, so listen
to this statistic, Mike.
Every year indoor air pollution
is responsible for the death
of 1.6 million people.
That's one death
every 20 seconds.
>> Mike: Is that a
global figure or is that?
>> Dr. Group: That's
a global figure.
>> Mike: Okay.
>> Dr. Group: Due to pneumonia,
chronic respiratory
disease and lung cancer.
I mean, that's how many toxins
are lurking in the home.
And not only the home
either, the businesses too.
I mean businesses are just
as toxic most of the time.
>> Mike: Yes.
>> Dr. Group: Since we were
talking about air, I mean,
what are some of the solutions
for air that people can use
since that's one of
the biggest components
of toxic build up in the house?
>> Mike: Well, we got a lot of
solutions for cleaning the air.
Number one, the simplest
thing is
to actually get more
house plants.
It turns out that plants
are natural living air
filtration devices.
They actually, they
respirate just like people
but a different chemical
exchange is happening
with plants.
So they're taking in some
of these chemicals and,
like volatile organic compounds,
and they're actually converting
them into harmless gases
that are then released
through the plant's leaves.
So plants are natural
bioremediation systems
for boosting indoor
air quality, Ed.
>> Dr. Group: I'm so glad
you mentioned that because
that was one of the first things
I would tell people to do,
is put live plants in your home.
And again, plants will
take in carbon dioxide,
which you release when
you breath, and for homes
that have a lot of people
in them, a lot of kids,
you can build up carbon
dioxide in the home.
And the plant thrives on that,
takes the carbon dioxide in
and then releases oxygen
back out as a byproduct,
and oxygen is a universal
cleanser,
and who wouldn't want
more oxygen in their home?
So plants are incredible.
>> Mike: You know, on that
point, I have to add this Ed.
It turns out that in
an office environment,
you can actually have carbon
dioxide levels in the air
that can reach up to
5,000 parts per million.
Now all of the alarm
about global warming is
right now talking about CO2
in the atmosphere at
400 parts per million.
You can go 10 times that in an
indoor office is you don't have
plants where you're just
breathing the same CO2
over and over again.
It's not uncommon to have 3,000,
4,000 parts per million
in a workplace.
So your point is
really important
for people to understand.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah and I,
you know, I had to do a lot
of research, Mike,
and try to figure
out what is the best
air purification system
for the home.
And you know, there's
a lot of standup units
that people can put in,
individual room units
and I know you're going
to show us one of those.
>> Mike: Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: What
I like though,
is I like to address the main
HVAC system up in the attic.
In other words, this is
something that you could put,
install in the plume before
the air goes out to all
of the individual
rooms in your home.
And this right here is called
the Remi [phonetic] unit.
And you know, there's
always new companies coming
up with high-technology.
This is what I use and
this is what I recommend
because it produces ionized
hydroperoxides and super oxides
and it's amazing
because it actually,
it literally cleans all of
the vent systems in your home,
and that's a place
where a lot of people,
especially down south, have
problems with mold and mildew
and dust particles that get
trapped up in there and some
of the standup units, they're
not going to address, obviously,
what's up in the vent system.
>> Mike: Exactly.
Are you sure you didn't steal
that fusion generator off
of the back to the future--
>> Dr. Group: I know,
it's high-tech, huh.
>> Mike: I've got a unit here
that's a pretty nice stand
up unit.
This one's called the Therapure.
The thing I like about this unit
is it does have a UV function
here that also helps eliminate
VOC's and plus the filter,
if you look on the back, the
filter is a cylindrical shape
which gives it a lot
more surface area
that a typically square filter.
So it's actually
really effective
in terms of a standup unit.
I use this one right by my desk,
but I'm also installing one
of these units that
you just showed us.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah, I'm glad
you mentioned by your desk
because those kind of units
you can take to your office,
and it's really important to
have clean air at your office,
or you can put them in certain
rooms as well in your house.
I mean, I actually have
some of those standup units
and I use the Remi
unit for the air.
But I know we were touching
on mold and we wanted
to show some pictures of--
>> Mike: Oh yeah, get ready.
>> Dr. Group: Mold
and let people know
that mold is a serious
condition.
I mean, one out of
probably 15 homes
in the southern states
has problems with mold
and I tell you what, we've
had hurricanes down here,
we're in Texas, and
there are companies
and businesses right now, like,
big buildings that have mold
in between the walls and
people are getting sick going
to work all day.
>> Mike: Black mold, I've heard
of some lawsuits about that,
the FEMA trailers that
people were living in.
I think they were off-gassing
high amounts of formaldehyde,
right, that was one of the
chemicals they were off-gassing.
So let's talk about some of
the chemicals that you can get
in your home, looking at
some of these products.
Now I'm not picking on
these particular brands.
These are just to
represent categories,
but take a standard
thing like WD-40.
A lot of people have WD-40.
You know, it's useful
for lots of things.
You know, freeing stuck
bolts and nuts and things.
But let's also face it, this has
a lot of toxic chemicals in it
that if you spray it in your
home, then that circulates
in your home, you're eventually
going to breathe some amount
of that and that's
not good for you.
>> Dr. Group: And how
many people do you know
that use WD-40 and
don't wear gloves.
I mean I've watched people,
even growing up my dad
and my uncle and everybody.
I mean, WD-40 was around
everywhere and it was just,
like, a can here, a can
here and a can here.
>> Mike: Yeah.
>> Dr. Group: And they
never wore gloves,
and that stuff sinks in and
you know, what we're talking
about here is we're talking
about an accumulation of toxins.
You know, when you add
all these things together,
the body becomes bombarded.
I mean let's say on a daily
basis you might be taking
in 50,000 toxins from
the air in your home.
You might be taking
in 10,000 toxins
from the chemicals in your home.
You might be taking in
10,000 toxins from the VOC's
from the paint on the wall and
the out-gassings in the carpet.
You might be breathing dust
mites and stuff like that,
which we're going to talk
about a little bit later
and show you some shocking
pictures of dust mites and why,
you know, 99 to 100 percent
of the allergies that happen,
children's allergies
and adult allergies,
it's almost always
some sort of a chemical
or dust mite droppings
that are in the home
that they're exposed to.
>> Mike: You've also got
a problem with new homes.
So new homes need
time to off-gas
because you've got all
these new materials.
So we brought examples of that.
Here's Rustoleum enamel.
We've got a household
paint here, a paint primer.
There's glue in carpet and
formaldehyde in carpet.
And all of these things
off-gas so have you ever walked
into a new home and you
have that new home smell.
That's actually a combination
of literally thousands
of different chemicals that you
mentioned numbers like 10,000,
20,000, some people might think
that couldn't possibly be true.
I just saw a study recently that
found 24,000 different chemicals
at trace levels in
bottled water, 24,000.
I mean, it's not a big
amount of each chemical.
It's very trace.
Probably we're talking
low parts per billion
or even maybe just high
parts her trillion,
but it's 24,000 different
chemicals have been identified
and isolated in bottled water.
>> Dr. Group: I mean,
the fact is we live
in a chemical world right now
and it's the whole
reason why we're trying
to bring this information
to everybody
because just eliminating
one chemical.
Like let's say tomorrow
you go out
and you buy an organic shampoo
and an organic condition.
Well, you just eliminated
toxins from that.
Then the next time you go
shopping, you buy organic soap
so you don't have all those
perfumes and all those chemicals
and sodium laurel sulfate and
all the chemicals in your soap
that you're putting
on your skin.
Then the next time you go
out you buy a fluoride
filter shower filter
so you're not getting all
the chemicals in the water.
It's about baby steps to start
taking one step at a time
and slowly eliminating chemicals
from your house and your--
whatever you're using them for
in your house or on your skin
or anything else, and
setting aside some time
to slowly reduce the amount of
toxins that you're exposed to.
>> Mike: That's great
advise, Ed,
and it really makes sense
strategically to start
with the areas where you
have the most exposure.
So let's talk about laundry
products, Ed, for a second,
because laundry detergent
is typically inundated
with perfumes, and these
are all synthetic chemicals,
and we also have another
product here that we brought.
This is Gain, what is it,
softener, a fabric softener
that you put in a dryer.
This is-- there are
many brands of this.
This product is so
strong and it's based
on synthetic chemicals
that have toxicity.
It's so strong that we
had actually originally--
I can't even be near
the smell for one thing.
>> Dr. Group: Right.
>> Mike: It's too strong.
We had wrapped it in three
layers of plastic bags
and it still was inundating
us through the plastic bags.
I finally found this high-end
waterproof sealed container
to stop the Gain from
getting outside the container
and polluting my car on the
way here to film this today.
Finally I was able to
trap it in this container.
It's amazing how strong this is.
>> Dr. Group: True story,
I had a patient one time
that had rashes all
over their body.
They couldn't figure
out what it was.
We traced it to softeners in the
dryer and another big problem,
Mike, a lot of people get
their clothes dry cleaned
and when you get your
clothes dry cleaned,
they use extremely
toxic chemicals.
What happens?
You put those clothes on, okay,
this is a fabric
softener right here,
but you also have
laundry detergent as well.
Most laundry detergent
is extremely toxic
and not only that, back to
water again, you're going
to have toxic compounds
in the water
that you're washing
your clothes with.
People that have sensitivities,
they put the clothes on,
and especially in the
tight-fitting parts
of the body where--
around the waistline
where your body's exposed
to that, your body will suck
up those chemicals and a
lot of people have rashes
and reactions to that.
>> Mike: Yeah, it brings up
the question, why do you want
to bathe your clothes
in perfume?
I mean, seriously.
What's that all about?
But people have been
trained by the corporations
to associate a particular
fragrance with the idea
of detergent or the
idea of clean laundry
or the idea of fabric softener.
In truth, detergents don't
need any fragrance whatsoever
to be effective, and we
brought some examples
of some laundry products
that are all natural
that don't have any fragrance
and that actually do a great job
of cleaning your laundry.
>> Dr. Group: Yes.
>> Mike: So let's
show some of those.
>> Dr. Group: Okay.
>> Mike: Two things that
you can do very easily,
very quickly obviously,
you know,
super washing soda, baking soda.
It really is natural
and if you get a kind
that has nothing added to
it, it does a great job
with your laundry,
especially if you add Borax,
this 20 Mule Team Borax.
I actually use this
product myself.
This is part of what I
wash my laundry with.
I also throw in some
Dr. Braunner's soap
with the laundry.
Here's some of the
soap right here,
and that gets the laundry
really, really clean
and you'll notice, Ed, I mean,
you probably wouldn't even
be standing this close to be
if I had my clothes
smelling like Gain, right,
you couldn't stand
to be that close.
>> Dr. Group: No, I
couldn't you know,
and what I use is I use
soap nuts for my laundry
and I also use soap nuts for
my dishwashing detergent too.
It works so good that it
just keeps everything clean.
We have a lot of soap nut
trees down here in the south
and we can actually make
our own laundry detergent
and dishwashing detergent.
But another point
that, you know,
we talk about a lot is the
fact that dishes, I mean think
of how many people that wash
their dishes and their glasses
in toxic dishwashing detergent.
>> Mike: It's incredible.
Yeah, and that's something
you eat off of right.
>> Dr. Group: That's
something you eat and drink
out of, yes, absolutely.
>> Mike: Let me show
you some other things.
Oh, but real quickly
Seventh Generation is a brand
that you're probably
familiar with.
I like that brand.
This is a product
that's free and clear.
It doesn't have any
perfumes or dyes.
Now another big category
that really gets
people is air fresheners
and they buy these
toxic air fresheners,
which just push artificial
fragrance right into the air
and there are a lot
of studies linking
that to allergies and asthma.
Well there are natural
alternatives to that
like this product here,
pure citrus orange.
It's just orange
concentrate, like an orange peel
or orange essential oils that
you can put into the air,
gives it a nice, fresh scent.
You can also buy an
aromatherapy diffuser.
This is my favorite
solution if you want
to put some nice
fragrance into your air.
Just get some essential
oils, you put them
into this unit here, you plug
it in and you don't even have
to add water or oil or anything
and this puts those essential
oils, which are therapeutic.
>> Dr. Group: Exactly.
Exactly.
>> Mike: Into the air and those
oils can actually kill bacteria
and in essence, sterilize
any harmful pathogens
that might be in the air.
So there's even a medicinal
effect from that as well.
>> Dr. Group: Absolutely.
I mean, you talk
about air fresheners,
I mean people use these air
fresheners in their cars
and it is extremely toxic
and also the air fresheners,
candles, I mean a lot
of the candles are scented
with toxic chemicals.
And when you burn candles in
the house, you're getting all
that chemical smoke that's
coming up in there too.
And I mean, and another thing,
if people, if you have a smoker
in the house, that's a whole
nother reason you for sure need
to have air purification
going on.
>> Mike: Watch out
around Christmas time.
Don't buy people gifts that
are these scented candles
and don't let people
give you scented candles.
If they do, say what?
Are you trying to
poison me again?
Last year you got
me a fruitcake.
This year you got
me a toxic candle.
Take it back.
I don't want that stuff for
Christmas, thank you very much.
>> Dr. Group: We know
you love fruitcakes.
But aromatherapy
diffusers, I mean I agree.
Those are absolutely amazing.
I mean, talk about just
everybody being calm.
You know, people are so
stressed out these days, Mike.
I mean, when you talk about,
and you look at the environment
that people go to work in and
then they have to come home,
an aromatherapy diffuser is
a wonderful way to just relax
with your family
and keep a calm,
you can put different things
in there like lavender,
which calms everybody
down and it's just amazing
to clean the air and to give
everything a good smell.
Look, if you're waking
up and you're, you know,
you have swelling and you
have headaches, look and see
or go get a test for mold
because if you have
chronic sinus infections,
most likely that could
be because of dust mites,
it could be because of mold.
If anybody in your
house has allergies,
check for that as well.
Another thing I want
to talk about,
what most people don't know,
and this is huge, is dust mites.
>> Mike: Oh, yeah.
>> Dr. Group: Listen to this.
More than 100,000
dust mites can live
in a single square
yard of carpet.
Now take a look at this picture
of what dust mites look like,
and you can't see
these with your eye.
That's the scary thing.
Most people are sleeping and
if you have pets in your home,
what dust mites feed off of, is
they feed off your skin flakes
and your pet's skin flakes
and they go to the bathroom
and it's the dust mite droppings
that are really dangerous.
>> Mike: It looks like a scene
from the flea bag
motel in Vegas.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah,
well listen to this.
A typical--
>> Mike: You were just in
Vegas at a trade show too.
>> Dr. Group: I was.
I was, a manufacturing
trade show.
But listen to this.
A typical used mattress may have
up to 10 million
dust mites inside.
>> Mike: It's like
an extra bonus too.
You don't even have
to pay for that.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah, you
have living creatures
that are literally
living in your bed.
>> Mike: You're freaking me out.
>> Dr. Group: A 10 percent,
10 percent of the weight
of a two year old pillow can
be composed of dead mites
and their droppings, 10
percent of the weight.
Look, if you pick your
pillow up and it feels heavy,
how many people do you know
that change their pillow
on a regular basis?
>> Mike: Oh, man.
That would be scary.
Like hey honey, when I bought
you this pillow two years ago it
was only two pounds,
now it's four.
What's the difference?
>> Dr. Group: Well listen,
here's the solution.
Go get dust mite free bedding,
get dust mite free pillows.
They make them.
They're hypoallergenic, and
they even make dust mite free
pillowcases these days.
>> Mike: And bed bug protection.
>> Dr. Group: And bed
bug protection too.
>> Mike: Oh, talking
about bug protection,
I got to show people this.
This product here
is called Venture,
and I don't have any financial
ties to this product by the way.
I just bring stuff that I use.
It's a bug/insect killer
that's based on lemon grass oil
and there are several
products like this out there.
So you can actually,
if you get this
on your skin, it's
not a problem.
You can inhale the fumes
so to speak from it.
It's just natural essential oil.
It's really nice actually.
It makes your home smell
great and it kills bugs.
So if you have a problem
with insects in your home,
you don't have to resort
to turning your home
to a chemical cocktail zone.
You know how schools have
the sign a gun-free zone,
and then sometimes they
have a sign drug-free zone?
I want my home to be like
a chemical free zone.
That's what I'm interested in.
>> Dr. Group: And one
more thing too is I want
to talk about radon.
I mean, if you don't
have a radon detector,
I mean it's very common.
It's also a toxic compound
that a lot of people breathe
in that's emitted
from their homes.
So make sure you get your
house tested for radon as well.
>> Mike: Good point, and
we'll talk about radiation
in another show and I know
you've got some more quotes,
but let me throw this in there
first because your shower is
where a lot of people
are really exposed
to some highly toxic stuff.
I have to plug Dr. Braunner's.
If you're not using
Dr. Braunner's soap,
you're missing out.
This is the best soap on the
planet and in the shower,
this is what you need to
avoid the toxic fragrance.
I have-- if you go to the
regular store or Wal-Mart
or a grocery store and you
buy soaps for the shower,
they are enundated with
toxic fragrance chemicals.
It's unbelievable.
I have no idea why anyone
would want to coat their skin
with those chemicals and then--
and have it in their hair
with shampoo and, you know,
scrub their face
with these chemicals.
Use Dr. Braunner's or other
truly natural fragrance free
products and you will be
healthier for doing so.
>> Dr. Group: Figi is
another good soap to use,
but basically look, it all comes
down to just using your mind
and just every time you
need to go to the store
and buy something, the next time
just say look at the ingredients
and say do I even understand
anything on this ingredient?
If you don't understand
what it is, I mean,
if you have the time, you know,
type it into your
phone and look it up.
Do a little Google
search for it.
If it's toxic, don't buy it.
Just start buying everything
you need for the home,
start buying natural
and organic.
Even the next time you need
to replace your carpet,
or you want to, you know,
do something in your house,
your couch or your
drapes or something,
replace it with non-toxic,
organic,
non-out-gassing alternatives.
Next time you need to paint
your walls in your home,
there's a great clay
organic paints right now
that people can use and
they're based on clay
so they actually absorb
toxins in the air.
>> Mike: That's right.
And also in terms of
your health benefits,
let me mention this
really important point,
if you're loaded with
fragrance products right now,
it is dulling your senses.
You're not able to taste
the diversity of foods,
you're not able to even
think with the diversity
of cognitive function that your
brain was built to perform.
Studies have shown that if
you're inundating yourself
with chemicals, you're
dumbing yourself down
and you're destroying your
ability to taste real foods.
So once you get rid of
all of these perfumes
in your laundry perfumes
and personal care products,
the dryer sheets, the fabric
softeners, the air fresheners
that are toxic chemicals,
when you eliminate all
of those things, Ed, you're
actually going to wake up
and enliven your senses.
Your brain is going to be
functioning at a higher level,
your sense of smell
will work better,
your sense of taste will be--
will have a more diverse range,
you will have more enjoyment of
life and your head will be clear
to actually think about
what you want to do
and pursue your life's goals
with a sense of happiness.
It really is a big deal.
It's not just cancer,
it's not just disease.
This is about happiness.
This is about living life
in its full abundance
by eliminating these
chemicals from your life.
>> Dr. Group: I mean who wants
to suffer every single day.
I mean, I know people and saw
patients that suffered for years
and years and years
with chronic allergies,
eye allergies, chronic
sinusitis.
They would wake up
in the morning
with a stopped up
nose, sore throat.
I mean, and what
do they do, Mike?
They go to the doctor's office
and they get prescribed
allergy medications.
The doctors do not treat the
root cause of the problem.
That's what I was
saying, you know,
if you want to be a good doctor,
you have to start looking
at the patient's environment,
or if you want to figure
out why you're not
feeling good, start looking
at your own environment,
start looking
at what you expose yourself
to on a daily basis,
start eliminating
those chemicals
and start eliminating those
toxins and you'll get better.
Think of all of the millions
of dollars, or the thousands
and thousands of dollars
that people spend
on doctor's visits--
>> Mike: Yes.
>> Dr. Group: And prescription
medications that do nothing
but put a Band-aid over
the symptoms instead
of addressing the root cause.
>> Mike: Think about your
cells, the environment
of your cells is
actually the environment
of everything that you absorb.
And you absorb things through
what you eat, what you drink,
what you inhale from your indoor
air and also the things you put
on your skin, the
personal care products.
This is what creates the
environment for your cells
and if your cells are bathed
in poisons all day long,
then your cells are going
to have a toxic function.
You're going to have cancer,
you're going to have disease,
you're going to have
pain and suffering.
But if you actually clean
up your environment,
then your blood gets clean, your
cells have a cleaner environment
and as people like Dr.
Bruce Lipton talk about,
cells are intelligent,
their membranes interact
with their environment
in highly complex ways.
When you have a clean
environment,
your cells are happy, your
organs function better,
your entire body
functions better,
your mind functions better,
you have greater
spiritual awareness too
because now you have this clear
thinking, now you can enjoy life
without chemicals
destroying your health.
It's really powerful.
>> Dr. Group: It's all
about taking responsibility
for your own health.
You know, everybody,
this is what I teach,
everybody has a self-healing
mechanism within.
I mean, the most powerful
medicine is already inside
of you.
You just need to activate it.
And the easiest way to activate
it is to clean your body.
I mean, one thing that's
never taught is the fact
that we take a shower every
single day to clean the outside
of our body, but
nobody cleans the inside
of their body on
a regular basis.
We're exposed to
a massive amount
of chemicals every single day.
It's time that we all
take responsibility
and start cleaning the inside
of our bodies and start looking
at what we're putting in our
homes and inside of our body
through different types of toxic
foods and start making a change
because how we get
these chemical companies
out of business is
we switch over--
>> Mike: Stop buying
their product.
>> Dr. Group: Yeah,
stop buying the product.
>> Mike: Vote with your
dollars, protect your health.
I hope you learned a lot of
great information here today.
This is Mike and Ed
with Secrets to Health.
Definitely take our advice.
Use these healthy products,
eliminate the chemicals
from your life and you
will improve your health
and your happiness as a result.
Thanks for watching today.
>> Dr. Group: Thanks
for joining us.
[ Music ]